this whole grooming gang phenomenon is
what contained primarily to Muslim men
and it really only started when you
started seeing Mass migration waves
saying I've read the Quran I've seen
what's in there even if you don't think
that my interpretation of the Quran is
correct I would point you to I don't
know what countries have the most issues
when it comes to child Brides anding of
young girls and children is obviously a
systemic cultural problem I don't know
what planet you're living on or what
you're
smoking do not forget to check out
cy.com sisters one of my most amazing
clothing brands that I wear owned by
Muslims with the recent boycot that's
going on with many Brands clo supporting
Israel brother and sisters you guys know
I've been supporting sydney.com I've
been wearing their stuff long long time
ago alhamdulillah and I love their
clothing brother and sisters it's
exactly what I I like aldah when it
comes to Fitness training jogging and
just general where when I'm praying I
don't need to worry about my back
showing buy it for your family members
your your uncles your brothers your
husbands whoever it is inshah brother
and sisters buy it for yourself inshah
it's modest clothing wear okay guys next
get straight into the video in so I came
across this video on PS Morgan's uh show
inshah as you can see and I couldn't
help but come across an absolute bigot
of a woman who was on there from America
who has no idea about what goes in the
UK has no idea about Who Tommy Robinson
is what he stands for what kind of
islamophobe he is and not only that he's
inspired many many terrorists one of
those Darren Osborne who tried to run
over innocent Muslims so we're going to
watch this video inshah and react to
ourselves and in this video there is a
very very young man um I would say who
is intelligent who has a degree in
philosophy when it comes to religion so
if there's anyone that could maybe talk
about the Quran to a specific degree is
this man so let's watch the video for
ourselves and make some conclusion
because he absolutely annihilated her
absolutely annihilated and let's watch
this in for yourself and let's see what
we can take from it inshah enjoy it sure
well I don't really think that tolerance
should be the Paramount virtue if the
desperate cultures that you're importing
into said country are cultures that
frankly I think are are conducive to
gang raping of young girls if you read
the Quran I mean young women pedophilia
isn't something that's totally out of
the blue it's codified in that text and
I think why it res interesting
pedophilia raping little girls are
codified in the quranic text interesting
both statements um which part of the
Quran I'm very curious now very very
curious now yes you flipping
intellectual [__] you know they talk
about blondes being a bit you know uh
I'm not generalizing for all of them but
she definitely fits in that category can
you please tell me please anybody forg
her which quranic text which codified
Quran text where in the Quran does it
say that we as Muslim men I wake up and
I go yeah let me read my Quran verse
today that says yep I can rape little
girls y can you show me where cuz it's
very interesting cuz I'm not allowed to
touch a woman's hand you know when I was
in the bran getting their podcast
amazing podcast lovely lady and I was
there and you know I even told her
before I got there that I cannot shake a
hand out of respect you know I went
there with my wife as well lovely lady
she gave us a gift and bought some gifts
as well I couldn't shake her hand why
can I not shake her hand I don't
understand I cannot shake her hand but I
can rape little girls makes perfect
sense let's carry on makes resonates so
strongly in America and I know your
analysis of it was maybe a little bit
reductive but it's because that's the
lived experience of a a lot of Americans
when it comes to the issue of
immigration and I think the hypocrisy
where you see Elites pushing
multiculturalism push pushing open
borders Mass migration when they've
never really made the case as to why the
average American benefits from it or
needs to have it they just say diversity
is our strength and that's where they
end the sentence and I think to that
point right when you read The Limited
inquiries that they've had into the
whole grooming gang escapades what do
they always say oh well the police
didn't go into it because they didn't
want to start race riots or race Wars
I'm sorry these are the same Elites who
have absolutely no quals or no issue uh
with bringing up you know racialized
incidents if it's a white person being
the aggressor I mean that I agree with I
mean if this is true the politicians or
the police or people who had should be
taking care of these girls were more
concerned that oh it's going to be seen
as RAC who gives a damn who cares bro
who cares it's you should be dealing
with the crime itself the repercussions
of oh they're going to blame a certain
group Etc that's going to happen
regardless these people are going to do
regard the far right will do it
regardless so it should have not come at
the cost of those girls being left so
vulnerable that were used by these
criminals who under the Shar would would
have been executed why because it's a
capital punishment adultery most of
these men were married if I'm not
mistaken they would get the capital
punishment or they' be whipped in public
it would be severe oh let me guess you
love the Sharia law now oh yes you do
I'm sure you do so I agree fully and
this m a point with this flipping
intellectual [__] yes this Bimbo in no
way shape or form a person's race or
whatever it is for that matter should be
a stopping fact a factor that you do not
like you stop the inquiry because it
might be who cares man who cares the
crime should be dealt with the
repercussions of okay there's going to
be a right race right whatever etc those
are something that we can deal with
after but you cannot stop a crime
because of that so I I look is truth I
have to stand with it person being the
aggressor against a minority just look
at what happened in the case of George
Floyd so it's very selective and I think
it confirms what a lot of people think
here certainly in the United States with
the with the agenda of certainly Mass
illegal and I think we've also learned
this week legal immigration that there
is some level of replacement I think of
American culture going on here and they
do it by importing cultures that have
nothing in common with the west and our
leaders will say that assimilation is
racist it's neocolonial it's not
appropriate to say that cultures that
have different values and standards than
us needs to need to adopt okay there's
an undeniably true that uh I think the
vast majority of domestic terrorism in
the United States this Century has been
perpetrated by white people boom well
that's only because they've reworked the
definition of domestic terrorism to
include events like AR sex and people
who are a oh rewarded it like using the
word uh grooming for specific people you
know it's sexual exploitation it's rape
you know you can't give speak term it's
done by all kinds of people we're
affiliated with Maga so I would
certainly say that their classification
of what constitutes domestic terrorism
is sort of cherry-picked especially when
they prosecuted and persecuted every
single Jan sixer on an individual basis
but I mean the Biden regime just three
weeks ago puts out a whole white paper a
new strategy to counter islamophobia and
anti uh anti-muslim hate I don't really
think that that's most pressing issue
going on in the United States of America
right now and I think there's two
compounding issues which is what Jordan
Dr Jordan Peterson was getting into one
is the issue of mass migration at an
unprecedented number in terms of the
people who are coming in traditionally
America would sort of have on and off
periods now you're seeing back I would
back to you this argument which is that
um I got into a lot of hot water in
America many years ago over uh calling
for gun control after the Sandy Hook
mass shooting for example the vast
majority of mass shootings in America
are by Disturbed young white men
um should we use that as a reason to
take dramatic action against all young
white men boom should we talk about
their religion should we say they're
Christian because it's a predominant
Christian country why are you not
calling it a Christian mass shooting
problem why don't you bring their
religion into it or where they're from
of course you would a new hypocrite
that's the point that we're making what
have these men got to do with Islam why
are they being called Muslim what's they
got to do with their religion you morons
that's our point I mean that's the
analogy I would use or do you accept
that actually or do well my point is do
you accept that they're outliers to the
norm that they are extremists these kids
committing the 173 Pakistani men in that
one town are engaged I don't really even
think that they're an anomaly or on the
extremities that is the mainstream
culture and it's certainly the
mainev for police offic clear to be
clear they they were all almost
exclusively members of the British
Pakistani Muslim Community so that is a
small number of the general Muslim
population very small actually um and
and so it's not pertinent to say it was
a Muslim cultural problem is Scandal it
was a cultural problem amongst British
Pakistani men
exclusively I don't necessarily know if
that framing is correct I a racial
element to it cor well I think if you
want to have the uncomfortable
conversation about Islam it is sort of
conducive to pedophilia I mean um I
don't necessarily think that you can
reduce it to the idea that oh well just
because they happen to be uh you know
Pakistani British men ask her again
about the white School
shooters answer that question oh yeah
she definitely didn't answer the white M
Shooter's question yeah the way they
make it seem is as if look I would take
their arguments valid if they looked
cross cross culturally in Europe Western
World Islamic world and the perpetrators
are only Muslim when it comes to sexual
violence and rape and pedophilia it is
just Muslims and Asians then you can say
yeah and that is so far from truth so
how could you dare now here is where um
here is where Ja Jack Sims absolutely
annihilates her AR her what kind of weed
are you smoking cuz you know it's doing
something to your brain it's nice to
have a conspiracy theorist on the line
it's always good fun I hate to pull rank
at you and sound like a [__] that both
my phds are in philosophy of religion
and I think I'm slightly more qualified
to speak about the Quran than you are
and to suggest even for a moment that
that document allows for if what he does
is condemn non-consensual marriage and
non-consensual non-consensual sexual
contacts like look up the r of child
Brides then the real RIS you have look
at of child bride there were
250,000 girls in the United States of
Israel I mean sorry America that were uh
Brides They were married off age of 14
13 12
250,000 girls were married under age
in your country darling yeah darling the
US isn't multiculturalism it's a
multi-billionaire running the biggest
social media Planet one of the biggest
in the world which has turned into an
echo chamber of your ridiculous ideology
and the fact that you're telling us all
and telling the British public who we're
proudly Multicultural there someone that
was brought up in Multicultural
working-class Birmingham I can tell you
for sure that there's not you won't find
a Muslim there who's read the Quran and
went oh you know what I didn't rule out
sexual violence so I might I might just
crack on with that you you I don't know
what planet you're living on or what
you're smoking but I'd suggest that you
do a course in religious studies before
you start chatting well she I mean she's
definitely smoking something yeah it's
probably crystal meth or something
because you can clearly see she has
never read the Quran for you to make
that statement it's it's as good as like
when Tomy R used to come and say Yeah in
the Quran says kill the disbeliever shut
the flipping H up man what are they
talking there's no such thing that's why
I confronted him and asked him 20 times
he couldn't answer so you can see
clearly well thank you for the ad hom
him attacks I'm sure that means you have
a really strong argument but I think the
young working class girls who probably
grew up in the same areas that you did
would beg to differ um I I don't
understand what you're saying I've read
the Quran I've seen what's in there even
if you don't think that my
interpretation of the Quran is correct I
would point you to I don't know what
country okay please tell me which girls
of those who were groomed said that
these perpetrators were doing what they
doing because of Islam who who I want to
know and if they have where have they
substantiated that from how can you
please it's an open challenge look I'm
challenging anybody anywhere I will
travel to you anyone from the far right
please bring me evidence that the Quran
condones this please I just want know
the Islam Islam the whole entire Islamic
tradition please tell me where what
countries have the most issues when it
comes to child brides and raping of
young girls and children is obviously a
systemic cultural problem uh with Islam
it's not a problem that is which is an
absolute lie what are you talking about
where does it say that not only that
there were four cases one in Yemen Saudi
Arabia Indonesia and another one where
there was capital punishment meaning
death yes not spping the hand like you
do with the groomers these groomers in
Islamic Shar they will be mate bye-bye
from society we don't deal with it like
that hey go inside prison have for free
meal freet course meals uh PlayStation
read n n n no n m we deal with it once
and for all nicely trust me so it's
absolute nonsense because in these four
cases I mentioned to you it's they all
got capital punishment that's how Islam
deals with it not because the
perpetrator was a Muslim woman
regardless Cher unique to the west and I
don't know last time I checked this
whole grooming gang phenomenon is what
contained primarily to Muslim men and it
really only started when you started
seeing Mass migration waves I think this
is so dangerous this is so dangerous
what you're saying I mean can we okay so
in the United Kingdom one in three
school
children cultur who are willing to rape
young women okay so one in three school
children are sexually harassed on the
way to school when they're in their
school uniform that is not done by to
use your language by just Muslim men in
the United Kingdom that is done by all
men that is an Institutional misogyny
problem and I think we're doing seual
harassment sexual assault and rape a
disservice by continuously just talking
about Muslims as a monolith as if
they're the only perpetrator of sexual
assault is an incredibly dangerous thing
to say and that's exactly our point is I
think sexual assault and rape is bad
that doesn't mean that's exactly our
point the most of the perpetrators are
82% white men yes and they overly
represented represented yes 6% more okay
so the point is that I don't I just fail
to understand what is what is your point
I don't understand do you care about the
victims or are you more focused on the
perpetrator you sickles doesn't mean
that we should continue to
to engage in it but it's interesting
that you're you're only concerned with
with Muslims again you know we the real
issue here fundamentally in the UK in
the US is less than 1% of uh acts of
sexual violence being prosecuted that's
the that's the big issue here it's one
of sexual
violence issue ConEd I mean that's it
look guys I don't need to say nothing
more the matter is clear we will be
dealing with this head on inshah because
these people are not going to hijack
this and make it seem a Muslim issue
when it's got nothing to do with Islam
it's their hatred towards Islam which is
the problem they hate Islam at any cost
and they were connected to Islam in
whatever way and they cannot prove and
substantiate this this is clear as that
they do not care about the victims they
do not care they care about who is doing
it if it's our own it's fine it's fine
and if the far right genuinely care
about these girls prove it why don't you
work with Muslims like myself who have
massive platforms mhammed why don't you
join us and we will join your course
which we have no problem against any
kind of sexual exploitation in any way
shape or form against any child black
Muslim Christian irrelevant if you
really care and if you don't then that
means your issue is not with the victims
that issue is with the culprits you have
an issue with who is doing the ACT not
the act itself you sickles sickles yeah
and we're talking about exp sexual
exploitation and Tommy Robinson courau
steeping around with prostitutes while
smoking Coke anyways guys nothing else
to say inah in the meantime do not
forget Check to Check c.com
alhamdulillah brother sisters use my
discount code amazing clothing line
check them out brother sisters I wear on
a daily basis may Allah bless and
preserve you guys till next time asalam
alaykum and I want to give a big thanks
to uh Dr Jack Sims is a he's a just bit
description on him he's a public
philosopher and lecturer at dorham
University Jack is best known as the
producer of the philosophy podcast one
of UK's most popular higher education
podcast his book includes Phil
philosophers on consciousness talking
about the Mind 2022 philosophers on God
talking about existence defeating the
evil God challenge in defense of God's
goodness and philosophy philosophers on
how to live talking about moral
forthcoming guys what an amazing guy and
that is at the end of the day he's being
fair that's all I have to say brother
sisters till next time